All right.
So you can see here we have a list of users and admin can delete the user ID.
It is the next feature we we're going to implement.
So when we click on edit, let's try.
So when we click at the moment, this is the address which we take, we open a new base, less admins,
less users, and then the user ID.
So let's go ahead, create this space here.
We going to implement user object, which is going to be similar to user create base that we had earlier.
All right.
So we can even copy the code from there, make some changes and implement the user object.
And then we're going to move this code to a component and then try to reuse for other users, for example,
authors and subscribers.
All right.
So let's go to pay.
These admin users screwed a new file.
Indeed it is.
So it will be a dynamic bass based A.I..
So what about how do we get based in that we make a request to back in, get that user.
I put that to use this information in the update form.
All right.
So if you go to new displays, he's the one we use to create a new user.
You can see we have a form.
To create a new user name, email, password, all that is there.
And then we have a function that sent all this information to back in to create a new user.
All right, so we need a similar base.
So let's copy all this, go to it and paste here.
So we have that form whose can stay the same.
Only thing we need to do is change this function so that we update the user.
Create uses.
Let me just remove all the score.
Yeah.
Update user update.
Phil trying to let's leave this.
So we'll work on this one bit later.
And it is the component.
A name from a new user to update user.
Whereas it tends to combine them.
So we haven't done anything at the moment.
We just changed the name.
We removed this code here, the ex use request and everything else is as sim as it is in the create
piece.
So let's have a look.
And you can see here we have the similar base of this is the base we had here.
So when you when had been want to add and use it.
This is the base ranger.
This is the phone we were in.
So the SIM phone is now being used on edit as well.
So this good and you can see we have the same phone.
Now, the only difference here we need to make is faces the information about the users based on the
80.
Let's grab this 80 from this route and use this to make a request to back in so that we can give that
user information and we put that response in the state and then pre-populated on the phone.
Then any changes necessary, we can make the change in summit to finally update the user.
All right.
So that means let's grab this and send a request to back in to get this user information.
For that, we need to use state use.
So to use effect.
So you can use that here.
So use the fact we need to get the user.
Now we don't have the endpoint for this one.
We don't have the endpoint that gives us the user base tonight.
So let's go ahead and create that endpoint in the back in first and then we we can continue here.
So about us.
It's create one more gift for our team to run.
Don't get.
We want to give the user.
So user
sorry, the users less user.
I.D. user.
I know this will be for the logged in user only.
So request.
I need to remove that.
The reason I don't when I play is admin is this robot we can use later for other uses for office and
subscribers.
Also they can.
When we are updating the information, we will make a request to this end point.
So we just use requested it and.
Current user, let's call it current user profile because we already have the current user here.
So we use current user profile and it's just imported from our controller.
Let's go to controller also.
So current users already there, that one just returned the.
Okay, so let's go and create another one.
Export const current user for front equals to async request response try.
So here what we want to do is we want to find the user from the database.
So user friend ID and we give the user I.D. from that middleware.
And we also want to populate, populate images.
And don't take the moral.
Make sure this property we have model C user.
It is here.
So it means we want to we need to access the earth.
So when you are updating the profile, we will allow the user to upload the featured images as well.
So for that reason, we can show the images if the user already has the images.
So we populate the images and we can send the response response to this user.
All right.
So we get the user information along with the image by making requests to the endpoint user slash user.
Okay.
So it's close this move.
Go back to the client and here, let's try making requests.
Let's put it in a frozen.
Um.
Can't actually we can just right here.
It doesn't really matter.
Const current user to async.
So we have this function.
We need to make sure we execute this function.
So execute now to give the current U.S. we should be sending the token.
That's important to to make sure we send the token.
Let's use the off as a dependency.
And then here we take if we have us, don't go.
Only then we make a request so that when we make a request, the token is sent for sure.
And that will give us a response.
You.
So here const data equals to a weight.
And it's used to get.
Current user.
All right.
So let's have a look at this consumer law.
According to user.
Data.
Okay.
So we haven't access the context.
So let's access the context so that we can use both.
I agree.
So let's make sure we use use context to and then input our context import of context from.
Context was.
They put it context on targets.
What I always like to do.
Context, Ernst said, includes to use state.
So use context or context.
All right.
Now we should be able to access all.
You can see here, the form is here.
Let's have a look in the console.
It really depends.
It's going to need to go on until we have air cannot get full for not phone apps like oh sorry shouldn't
be current should be users less user ID right less users less user right now how do we get the user
81 we could get from the context, but that would that means it will always be the logged in user,
but as an admin you want to object other you just hassle.
So we can't actually depend on the context authority.
Instead we have to grab it from the roots, right?
So that means we need a hook user which is already there.
So let's use that.
It's grown stronger.
It could see use for our.
And then we can access the programs from the root programs.
You just got to love.
I wrote.
To query.
Out that.
And so that's the name of our base.
So we can actually that's using Roger don't we.
We don't I.
I guess you can hear we get the idea.
So we need that we can actually destroy the ghost I.D..
It goes to Reverend Query.
Thank you.
Let's know that.
So we have the I.D. we need to send that.
We can put that here.
I.
Okay.
Now you can see we get the current user response from our back in.
We have all the information we need for this user.
This user haven't uploaded the image so we don't see the image, but everything else is there.
Let me double check.
So what are you going to do now?
Is we going to populate the state?
You can see at the moment they're empty.
So based on this response, we can populate.
So as soon as you populate, those values will be
reflected here in the form, because the forms value is bind to the state, whatever we have in the
state.
Okay.
Now, before I finish this video, let me just go back to and I just wanted to take that we had the
upload images feature and unfortunately we don't have I think I forgot.
Oh, and maybe that it was intentional because when you create a new user, you may not want to upload
the images because that is something maybe users want to do themself.
Right.
So we can leave it like this.
But when they, if they want to add the image or mislead, they can add by updating their profile.
At the moment, obviously admin is doing more later.
They will be able to do themself as well in the profile, will be using the same same code.
So we put it in a component and try to reuse so that they can go to the profile in upload the images.
So that will be a similar process.
So we will land them on this space.
So here, one more thing we want to do is so the images option so that they can upload the images as.